# 04 February 2021, Thursday

I am going to try and start doing a lab notebook in Markdown. 
Today is the day. 
I think every day I will start by making a todo list, that I can copy/paste and manage at the end of the day and revisit on the next timestep should I be too ambitious.
For referring to files, and progress I made, if I really want to be ambitious about code, I can refer to other `.Rmd` documents or `.R` scripts. 
For this to be a living document I can refer to the actual commit number. 
This document can also be version controlled as it is a plain `.txt` file. 
**Hurrah!**

## To do list
1. address reviewer notes/make modifications for vervet EWA paper
2. ~~job referral for Rebecca~~
3. email Zoë snail paper/key
4. ~~init github repository for this jaun~~

***

# 05.02.2021

## To do list
1. address reviewer notes/make modifications for vervet EWA paper
2. ~~email Zoë snail paper/key~~
3. ~~Upload moar files to server~~
4. email agouti yorrick
5. Work on Uni K grant
6. ~~read for alexander treff~~
7. Email Shreya

### Random Notes
- get [this paper](https://doi.org/10.1098/rsbl.2020.0643) someday, paywalled
- met with Alexander about fitting congitive models of movement/patch choice to data
	- Il learning models as a function of angle/distance
	- queries about outcome parameter and movemwnt decisions
- Urs gave advie about stats class and habilitation, also i am teaching SL and CL module in April QTBE
- Zoë mentioned some aspect of sex-biased niche differntiation for snail vs. almendra difference

### Scientific Reports Vervet EWA review (*continued von gestern*)
Main things for me to address:
* explain why overfitting ain't no thing here to reviewer 2 who was very nice about it
	* WAIC is the point
	* parameters relative to the # of observations, not parameters. we had several thousand observations.
	* varying effects help ensure
	* blurb about # parameters relative to observations and why this is only true in linear models.
* editor concern about previous experience going into a similar task. Could set attraction scores to that baseline if you have some data.
* Reviewer 1 tell them that that graph is in supplemental and info is in table XX

***

# 06.02.2021

Still working on revision. Need to reread paper and explain model comparison vs model selection as there is no truth and the universe is chaos.

## To do list
1. address reviewer notes/make modifications for vervet EWA paper
2. email agouti yorrick
3. Work on Uni K grant
4. Email Shreya
5. Shauhin code

***

# 08.02.2021

Today I'll check in with Charlotte about review comments. Things to highlight include
	* add 2 figures
	* supp revision, order of figures, missing phi
	* use of term individual learning strategy-- replace with "single"
	*order of MS for journal w/ regards to results

Emailed Shreya about folder structure, did not preced w/ image inventory csv unless it is needed

Did some scoring in Agouti, Yoda is the plain ale with no spots or dots and some semblance of peak that looks likt Dashiki from Lomas. Really prominemt occipital bones and intense stare. There is a juv he often cooccurs with who is beginning to look reliably like his own monkey. [Commits and notes here](https://github.com/bjbarrett/camtrap_coiba/commit/72cb8ceadf45bcdddeb36f2e068e3db1b111b66e)


## To do list
1. ~~address reviewer notes/make modifications for vervet EWA paper~~
2. ~~email agouti yorrick~~
3. Work on Uni K grant
4. ~~Email Shreya~~
5. Shauhin code
6. ~~Re-email imaging team for AI~~
7. Exiftool some R2 videos
8. Look at Michael Chimento stuff from past
9. sims for Zoë

#09.02.2021

## To do list

1. Work on Uni K grant
2. Shauhin code
3. ~~Exiftool some R2 videos~~
4. Look at Michael sims
5. Zoë sims
6. ~~LaTeX Supp again~~
7. Yorick email graph for Tamara et al

Met w/ Odd and talked about data viz and proposal.
Later I exif-tooled all videos in R2 and got renaming tables for Agouti. Code commited in tool data repostiory.

#10.02.2021

##To do list
1. Work on Uni K grant
2. Shauhin code
3. Look at Michael sims
4. Zoë sims
5. Yorick email graph for Tamara et al
6. Finish Revisions proofing

Grace giving talk

- brings up MVT and give up time based on travel time
-individual heterogeneity
-what about frequency depedndence of give up time
- leave when one individual has its say or all individuals have theor day
-can groups converge on a shared give up time if resource quality differs
- P1 individuals differ in foraging behvior
- individuals have different foraging gain curves (high rankers have earlier ODTs)
- HOW DO YOU CALCULATE GROUP OPTIMAL?
- give up time changing as a function of # monkeys on patch and when they arise
-frequency dependece and group specific leaving time?

#11.02.2021

##To do list
1. Work on Uni K grant
2. Shauhin code
3. Look at Michael sims
4. Zoë sims
5. Yorick email graph for Tamara et al
6. Finish Revisions proofing

